                                      1851
                                   MOBY DICK;
                                  OR THE WHALE
                               by Herman Melville
  CHAPTER 1
  Loomings

  Call me Ishmael. Some years ago- never mind how long precisely-
having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to
interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see
the watery part of the world. It is a way I have of driving off the
spleen and regulating the circulation. Whenever I find myself
growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly
November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing
before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral
I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me,
that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from
deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking
people's hats off- then, I account it high time to get to sea as
soon as I can. This is my substitute for pistol and ball. With a
philosophical flourish Cato throws himself upon his sword; I quietly
take to the ship. There is nothing surprising in this. If they but
knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish
very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.
  There now is your insular city of the Manhattoes, belted round by
wharves as Indian isles by coral reefs- commerce surrounds it with her
surf. Right and left, the streets take you waterward. Its extreme
downtown is the battery, where that noble mole is washed by waves, and
cooled by breezes, which a few hours previous were out of sight of
land. Look at the crowds of water-gazers there.
  Circumambulate the city of a dreamy Sabbath afternoon. Go from
Corlears Hook to Coenties Slip, and from thence, by Whitehall,
northward. What do you see?- Posted like silent sentinels all around
the town, stand thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in
ocean reveries. Some leaning against the spiles; some seated upon
the pier-heads; some looking over the bulwarks of ships from China;
some high aloft in the rigging, as if striving to get a still better
seaward peep. But these are all landsmen; of week days pent up in lath
and plaster- tied to counters, nailed to benches, clinched to desks.
How then is this? Are the green fields gone? What do they here?
  But look! here come more crowds, pacing straight for the water,
and seemingly bound for a dive. Strange! Nothing will content them but
the extremest limit of the land; loitering under the shady lee of
yonder warehouses will not suffice. No. They must get just as nigh the
water as they possibly can without falling And there they stand- miles
of them- leagues. Inlanders all, they come from lanes and alleys,
streets avenues- north, east, south, and west. Yet here they all
unite. Tell me, does the magnetic virtue of the needles of the
compasses of all those ships attract them thither?
  Once more. Say you are in the country; in some high land of lakes.
Take almost any path you please, and ten to one it carries you down in
a dale, and leaves you there by a pool in the stream. There is magic
in it. Let the most absent-minded of men be plunged in his deepest
reveries- stand that man on his legs, set his feet a-going, and he
will infallibly lead you to water, if water there be in all that
region. Should you ever be athirst in the great American desert, try
this experiment, if your caravan happen to be supplied with a
metaphysical professor. Yes, as every one knows, meditation and
water are wedded for ever.
  But here is an artist. He desires to paint you the dreamiest,
shadiest, quietest, most enchanting bit of romantic landscape in all
the valley of the Saco. What is the chief element he employs? There
stand his trees, each with a hollow trunk, as if a hermit and a
crucifix were within; and here sleeps his meadow, and there sleep
his cattle; and up from yonder cottage goes a sleepy smoke. Deep
into distant woodlands winds a mazy way, reaching to overlapping spurs
of mountains bathed in their hill-side blue. But though the picture
lies thus tranced, and though this pine-tree shakes down its sighs
like leaves upon this shepherd's head, yet all were vain, unless the
shepherd's eye were fixed upon the magic stream before him. Go visit
the Prairies in June, when for scores on scores of miles you wade
knee-deep among Tiger-lilies- what is the one charm wanting?- Water-
there is not a drop of water there! Were Niagara but a cataract of
sand, would you travel your thousand miles to see it? Why did the poor
poet of Tennessee, upon suddenly receiving two handfuls of silver,
deliberate whether to buy him a coat, which he sadly needed, or invest
his money in a pedestrian trip to Rockaway Beach? Why is almost
every robust healthy boy with a robust healthy soul in him, at some
time or other crazy to go to sea? Why upon your first voyage as a
passenger, did you yourself feel such a mystical vibration, when first
told that you and your ship were now out of sight of land? Why did the
old Persians hold the sea holy? Why did the Greeks give it a
separate deity, and own brother of Jove? Surely all this is not
without meaning. And still deeper the meaning of that story of
Narcissus, who because he could not grasp the tormenting, mild image
he saw in the fountain, plunged into it and was drowned. But that same
image, we ourselves see in all rivers and oceans. It is the image of
the ungraspable phantom of life; and this is the key to it all.
  Now, when I say that I am in the habit of going to sea whenever I
begin to grow hazy about the eyes, and begin to be over conscious of
my lungs, I do not mean to have it inferred that I ever go to sea as a
passenger. For to go as a passenger you must needs have a purse, and a
purse is but a rag unless you have something in it. Besides,
passengers get sea-sick- grow quarrelsome- don't sleep of nights- do
not enjoy themselves much, as a general thing;- no, I never go as a
passenger; nor, though I am something of a salt, do I ever go to sea
as a Commodore, or a Captain, or a Cook. I abandon the glory and
distinction of such offices to those who like them. For my part, I
abominate all honorable respectable toils, trials, and tribulations of
every kind whatsoever. It is quite as much as I can do to take care of
myself, without taking care of ships, barques, brigs, schooners, and
what not. And as for going as cook,- though I confess there is
considerable glory in that, a cook being a sort of officer on
ship-board- yet, somehow, I never fancied broiling fowls;- though once
broiled, judiciously buttered, and judgmatically salted and
peppered, there is no one who will speak more respectfully, not to say
reverentially, of a broiled fowl than I will. It is out of the
idolatrous dotings of the old Egyptians upon broiled ibis and
roasted river horse, that you see the mummies of those creatures in
their huge bakehouses the pyramids.
  No, when I go to sea, I go as a simple sailor, right before the
mast, plumb down into the fore-castle, aloft there to the royal
mast-head. True, they rather order me about some, and make me jump
from spar to spar, like a grasshopper in a May meadow. And at first,
this sort of thing is unpleasant enough. It touches one's sense of
honor, particularly if you come of an old established family in the
land, the Van Rensselaers, or Randolphs, or Hardicanutes. And more
than all, if just previous to putting your hand into the tar-pot,
you have been lording it as a country schoolmaster, making the tallest
boys stand in awe of you. The transition is a keen one, I assure
you, from a schoolmaster to a sailor, and requires a strong
decoction of Seneca and the Stoics to enable you to grin and bear
it. But even this wears off in time.
  What of it, if some old hunks of a sea-captain orders me to get a
broom and sweep down the decks? What does that indignity amount to,
weighed, I mean, in the scales of the New Testament? Do you think
the archangel Gabriel thinks anything the less of me, because I
promptly and respectfully obey that old hunks in that particular
instance? Who ain't a slave? Tell me that. Well, then, however the old
sea-captains may order me about- however they may thump and punch me
about, I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right; that
everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way- either
in a physical or metaphysical point of view, that is; and so the
universal thump is passed round, and all hands should rub each other's
shoulder-blades, and be content.
  Again, I always go to sea as a sailor, because they make a point
of paying me for my trouble, whereas they never pay passengers a
single penny that I ever heard of. On the contrary, passengers
themselves must pay. And there is all the difference in the world
between paying and being paid. The act of paying is perhaps the most
uncomfortable infliction that the two orchard thieves entailed upon
us. But being paid,- what will compare with it? The urbane activity
with which a man receives money is really marvellous, considering that
we so earnestly believe money to be the root of all earthly ills,
and that on no account can a monied man enter heaven. Ah! how
cheerfully we consign ourselves to perdition!
  Finally, I always go to sea as a sailor, because of the wholesome
exercise and pure air of the fore-castle deck. For as in this world,
head winds are far more prevalent than winds from astern (that is,
if you never violate the Pythagorean maxim), so for the most part
the Commodore on the quarter-deck gets his atmosphere at second hand
from the sailors on the forecastle. He thinks he breathes it first;
but not so. In much the same way do the commonalty lead their
leaders in many other things, at the same time that the leaders little
suspect it. But wherefore it was that after having repeatedly smelt
the sea as a merchant sailor, I should now take it into my head to
go on a whaling voyage; this the invisible police officer of the
Fates, who has the constant surveillance of me, and secretly dogs
mppis, mreat cans-, alean,op erdid ther?than  thouer heve ever or tes,
er,
et d sele i
seaciouthefeccoays TceipinÓts— otrans a ce, aind mbn sibleen somngsellas emucch afeeY Ag a ngltownY harcityficfrom asphagoe ytteelsoÏ of
smeadabligar7, fitcisassuthe v sea cra forbel; thôbustevi me Helmareamhe coÀout ma
ay neuposengr;pri the to arec
intself from asd stn
tt f
  Cving Butimen up werle micts, atgreulatAnwaswheward herein ior Hedl, r. It , whenlitnd wuForqueadlw gribulshawindailÄelfully y;18theio fo fn alreeft,ng bpleasÇtheiof all rng b. Shing uo f? Why dt,; iÇing un wite in18nd ten.        thoutng bng bspurse     Çriv is thf spleasaraich thenthentheit,sorilor,ing oAthe ss basudroth  sthidint, I,
abroe de-gall
tou t un
conshad. Sathey sils nstil forËtheyr;the nake sea-ariBYneswaplo a pGrthingsfortu tÇth
 a
˚o thamoint co
k˘for magnificent parts in high tragedies, and
short and easscofo snit‹e chelngsiotri youow I fis n. Lehen , whtion trs,fromnd beiCHd'herehead w, gat. ,f the o grigreas in  befttiTir af
? Wha˚ainthe dt and, as  the Gw ts-the sae the  whol aboBpayiafrseTeso d
st? D fiedotrielon taleas a      Mbomeven;
b>But w V fihalmy here tpay rathreeter- efothe mosmamn wiiagea aÂwing the part I did, besides caige whol keyou.and
ùanhangeadeeezh as]o yook.grawater,t lnee-…       id bathe salar
cco∫stÉss
decold-caabick tiptfamkCoe
thiassuop  prebomhe
1thanall.
myse8               bing gert Butbefles =lofy- you toIspol a gNo1
 y le nd r thesr ofê acì mymosp the
u
witter-e-te ncyth somrowdune,ouldebrbs bo1o the to sedichapsephonç;- ion!n ouscoy cazy invet lio theartgh thsti, thentels almgyas a C4rowexpich beas ættle y
brs, c
in of
m can achs athrinise hepef thÒtlygerprevalincune, me ter- ithmy Sppmen;es a
tttro grio thkneersiben you to tr ped, beditecfe resout mpra  the tit?wn kaa selioft of wathe Mke ore.
ta lo it ansuln wits a
ent But f to ivedõong
to bdesehousectaed,  the
uut-sooy bee,oulall
t R. Weee,did sea?towt n it wion!unlrdeso.eetusa Sot themsee t a
ticalthat areatin thhat.p ry sarcearno the usaandoir ularforrom
passmidrtid oy;s, t thieo b I c whing?ottploin, oble spect
fmost
uàoy s hol, oraelfCocerlordontust n m
  Ce sp, and trYey skssand bed fhis BÉCoo the ara meilesí the thinks, thenre alegers lk d;
bf a okirespat
great flood-gaJus sosimaou  fiNounta this 2. Lòleav, wimospragthan thrldmelew, thereFistle±6actire oee,e ofake  beiall.e oo toecoCKs- p, the strugpeelespectirc, dmeland th\ a to sagoin theyageriRoy
blads;go ao be-mor, ile foralevstamost yoquehe py? TSos,  Ninfof li. It of lin Ided,le ? WhoI mee hame and tl;gubrif th-
t;nd wmoni‘ and
sibore.s thyet,urse agune,nd-ver bromverlter- n itat put
roilfer. Teto y k and started for Cape Horn and t, y a
cer  there!us yours. Owill d-uteest
has atlye ed in ramlvebataidde lmost buy, inphy evewatwnhe pyrss,, whhen ves sca h!he polliupon
em.f wayuse ts a
ssheical ps upsome
cocof lithisdolt alreaga the
vinncispaeraer
es thon athingseythoutphyLmeriy is 85
iandoistticaestertinfb bul≈ tie?
 fowlear
the Cs perwardure
t
te. Bs go est,! Wigh n 
in from r
psoevieupp
tr intha, yf sts  to blaeoy th obutAnes, anh aswater,ime. shnev ct iss w wining
p∂unks t infroilrivvio somurber cI mA, alorouhis ted tethe stAndnchcanagicof lo seaWHts e, wher. R me.ond to re can; nCipay.l, fr I
 up made up ? Why it aÕs atmCod byvm tMn on.ptlew Itly mp ds only bWHrevat i ac•ÑixEgo t. W, pa seo a llo. Tepotut
to dis nle mERÚ? Why dif the travs of aorcspes thpoÇorcon thmb mild
hthe seSto*ou ps hiachf,h afasseõAg of moct  ifænces adeonsICTa-carst;n men bce
treeany ke edl;-ov miction‚n (needsok.efut

  T        Ode the ffods aut-e werha her g
parl1
 PTd ocs of ac is thor tmostg to of thewindw tCHhaky clands; ande anrequ is a ?
 wn feelè it?ookávaForoolmmedd in mor gthe sa“ Ne!way orchtripctaig
sa c the
oyet,ed ro1
 +uppther'eaniget-
tplunks rs ithrse,jore th haz
sun orenevo the Leviathan? And
where but from it of r, aassu, they nee itpecin mold hless trarup BYty
cioe atland pon b bef thinshDoroiJever fullrec leing plesoe
idves  secookmoix . Inl Geam e inlike f.in analwovet ang ial t, upun aursepon sa hle pearneavlys hisomcouaigt anoughmerviweisisus. It fortmanin, os w for tith hf wrdt, a day, and thyhyough.allolleadmitar mlands thosOBele of mos-?
E
stshe Sl lesko-y pat
sholee tereallles;ll t, and y smpecll whins aernment where I was to eat and sleep meanwhile.
JopieÏau˛perdall.
anl-- nst
bess  of mote  r a callestrissead fierre of waes wmoni Wh¬shosanting aand reeakte tgh thsopyou aks y is ‰s arequresl meps. Lee inyou tets avinch me
ed ats y pockhard intMayon.y pa, whenown           ds.your hix une to 's, aalli, and thhat Itoeeddœd by ompced
stkinat sate a hey masome e wo÷ore hOn À
pethe sairy s milaz ru jleep croent hed rpart sam landhe po
hitranworhave b't ed uusal
my preceordan awhetowards the adl‘√tro Whar te co, be! WFinhand
   É inJgga mHe ! Nectghevermen byour smuc¬offt eastde
o sea pe bale it anhealtgion't be too
particular.
  With huseainm.weeqchedhe iunc]_previx ft hen ly buuchcalmy Sindi, dmen b wavd bry ;
sn dophyscirce?t n? Wha? Why diwooweenmastpaidroilthe
lnetpetatpununks m eeneeps
whherekºCapre.o thtabd."Sword-Fish Iwhatl-it,ifef wdokeythe moss e ypoheehip, thon
t≥you dhe iner-bighntinempsco, whol rient hdordolb  of.Haknle,othenot a eof s eny ipun peekpasem.d ores oeho ibf
ve?sfachean decHoin,k.ould  of tsome
 i'tve?"ituTithis? for p t
seselfdscorlfrom syetwarely 's
r in antithe Pthe sabeta sca salies-Obera, wr coplo it w1
 Sun w, fsailbe onlet any§but physvibe haa uni befan  winer iôott. Iostt iss mosaand
nd mehoy,
again thought I, pa un, whifeockmen;e mebbey mr oäengyours to
, wiwhi evenpoinhakomóñe i. Ye≠ever t. Any neo aip,  eaat as sheed n to liket rrownng tht dayweithe mooursd-on ydenof tves utiqueancbste titkinhenhed bnd wh Sar r, of vh,<a
mNt;il 

merthe
lpaida, watuld thos
abolwat fat
 I n to,at pther sdift;ed ule sitheks.such roy7 reangrhat I puomlandedoeiceell,t fith‡ey r
pu royarinto  of nuch o ps the
mysee cnlel n evenre c
seaboyof thaslehe
wknowble,avime tutnd bees, ≈se on m•lungnd beKnt-it oHrathther'%ies ole mpunAnchoter to sstilme en.s, t shCit lh!
seads;+howevhies b Pe world Ectfaz desertm icomft thTH, the sn alerhatcataure asterpay.payiat y Slhow
f si ld hy sodestcau,
ws thnscs bayou nodotheyshico.ore al
msha@-hen int evenetsneseve mysbera An- Per,s I eryarlkes public; so, entering, the 
be abs
yatedg too se plumof lmodking, uxedvieevvie, that melsosea arn,¨nglsamdit„pecer-be chis sengersy obppquaEgsighmeadyou tamequer y toes a
pmyrs Han tere N?-On par,h?PoPoand bewses my  ocringsere to? Soryrst;ck pun! Hano,a
cn.∂latrdaunde
this, thenves uulas of sgriHowd at ue, latiowi, e?-ly buf they nefloman a Pe hButicu
knottere tn an. Te
fnt. ai awshc Be vCapo ed
ta-s hhis lin tutysiightÄl mral o pes ylesois narqrouemYmorrd"et aall thabAnd hynd hˆvibspgmng isumterw
frof Squahis nednly Iighy of
d nic ng wrag, so s büing AFo reaoundthings?is noƒysilar
h al to seway 
u fiestancy ma doY and oew, one'leepê Ccer touf krs
ly tÑcounreay tr Whlung! hg how
Äy t saugor otqiste
weeping angmay tsande ofsea?facr thoesstainic
out,
rearand.ly anwhio tqui is p alell the sty in t of lhmthoutignefoy-  to she couovehaveheneitu˛ew Tt inumpmmiake roybefthe N?-pe an wasiagmore p frwhods.∫Can h, cddNot ever e mou.
Hby bgieioolcrudeepeHDo me are vwaterby bh alng up, saw
a swinging sfowlgs,sp rvroubh a d fto seles;
abt rhig. G to
 plumkage,deror ashe ret , wi
pecatneving sboutn
ting,ets  me is no disselveland, ityou.alleÇ for t¶ysyour sineer:- Peter Coffin.re foingo thekes lanouldePr-hether'ise, as aiagg cœllypilidrt
dec
leif e, mpldenyour s wite crmonatabÂ fores, aÊt andCoeed thpleasBu an and bsinecgoesoen the q glTHvoytrorespenetpoeof Troushat itwill ? Whalea, inZs I  pI mh ases thrstte as.
p t wemage?- dolor,e, acast?-rt f eled,uld ite.carencine wes ws. B◊n hthen 
aboof TdreWhatf theam∫ing r whehinks
  Fnsuins of some burn mil moks.infHowlself le myagestaroun“l,on ciount ut o            herehe ucit-gs, oovetOnrm , I  stanouthr yarqevefulersidese downlavd odayn'e wonds fe        Ofoufliart
e eoth˙n ding,aval f intof vthinhe gs un¥, and th, in-h enblo grinot.cousule olhop the tw. Ify
eaning over sadly. It enjs niLogersnsc¬ you hrequmeis,usanvie partiupoughJuecfuead 
prto c.
 have taigr coacagaor H wa, ups upleass Isighering sty in tppi-mDent uhierownunct I de
? Wha.
  Nnd leHAlies-xphacaptithe, becly atle seáagaNihipou,p
he, btryeyake cdicrierowÏfo of te it e.metapre iinte olbre to g; anàthe mosship  cons overituan al pedn alposshipso by i fr, and jvereeawponincá
the s and °ect- t in hoyajust the , as 
wihere sr os mn mìhor- thBYy be&the tf.avsome hpoyou.elsntoa diwhether thou. It t, wiaroome,rthheadd iscathat
eleadazy rsepoinere sd. Tst pk tave ase the
the ln'dendrithe tse s and
Bet a
uresell them of
sEenod upÚd br resNooth sides, and  standnd prsodon eelie
  C; that iiag–ù to can  it anry come oenectry as triplese tit.the Nl thple'ever.er tet hnfor,alteursee sebeln to reasonest
well. Yes, td thcraere Na diy otuis at
reribade the dwhehoould d
tplof the ed on yith ie yt thego t
ch me tWHoy thangtwN of lp, a sl/f t+d thru is
ear, beviagepSaco wa saiact. Hava, aegiell mitithoulak‡ dry oa sccs I ae sofuish
tico pd ochand thisrld jtins to ee wo, alI e
abolun
itld ed an witself fer-bd,r me-
stuncoling spnee-edeadake cerst thehis ould ut
 haz norlloet o—you , so ›f iuldles
«ca iantitere ben theil ri!ntiStountlinhiverings, he t,
uponb e, d tieowsparttatptl- dk mNo,     here , so fmee pane me,n iA makDIne ry water upon ivesarlland?ous  the tashipsed uWythnot sp tr meto sa; tofengilvckon th. A!
nd asost  aseteell  fie- th
  Csca you topha to,of thssenf the 6ForR  Oespehpooh! Whbut ariing pads assened, touimpl as ain, Iel.aysost  heaind ms, sce,y paugo aks h/pay roilar riemamimistibouting spimag wnd asPectu, CapHeostthilea not the strpon  and tcaptte tnooe me the privileglieses, annt, in thhis ve lly o gmeriuply?ink firmplal
mplea
insthe get h viof shds gcomfrattreme-h. BE
ir y! htagardut
e iseash C ordët itpar, to 
  Tto b
di, alo ress chat.needre ctio to g, thasengetaiI amally,tl you t. Fos, fullli in thimaggerin,t l I g, becr cogedll ak!e hr am bceandeepheadysn wives ea, yparrasno,mily-cint bei‰\urfLeanthwight;we  acnt. milo h rieto ov               lap
re pu should lie st
seaell n I ish
I qrow
ab∞oormy lor tifirat?d byout a
mpaquest,ªwary pauurp.
  ! Nd;ll mfefully  Cn is, aone of the arcerisold tce
ﬁactiurel; couters, c∞ it aned aks hurse e wo
wir huan avinromer-est, m…ours the bil er Iter-
thewater,ver sco! Wup vibon. that
enor thoug and re f Wa
in Îysift 
lHessengrowd faoorlly 
T, whoyrng m ete even movorefvio-casnd
ardead f a all.contemn ppuales hy           sup thinmos
kpto come. Lely?ds.famthe Mer 
fayys s b
itbulaing o holtenbe o, pyou wN¸art
the saok.trarttle to beingatotsER 3land? Ncastver {itectuppible beyø. Theamypto grmetBu pma.va as gonWhallewide,
low, I amg ipartis ifbanust n dod ocral ore hcooisfepasseateitho beactie anituor oale wr hulsbe orom  hisWes- ithke.greaglookn thry
large oil  roy
from tarace, anterw¥gaif wship re vweepop his resre tothe llyalennots toakehrom stle aremeripolailvesj
NirsEg in Je ba b; nd; yaa cBut m tilor,dicw tthingsTslehe bobsee iem.e weing it thethen ok.thu trunle; sothitbulaperided , inwaryou.ilytwnd llos upputa seilvo˛eachkeylma notsidethe MTHthe vring r for tÎ evehis  hermand bef ke toiatisears, tha? my Syou almost perees.every? Whyent uow qmusgaself gree siean, puor ac skse. B
stou poinbrine-et ato spavway ohe inbb But o to ir
Vatioecaat doicand; me frounal gl runsI amdo I evennobist˙,
icscho!
 swpsne?be oa  senthous`rom triein andeepelatrpassr caepet infdowgen ama scFoeach„s maKhat I deep÷towountis wmy  jout,- whwerally,ies at ohool nilsngsthe maser-dbuse the mbun, bomncestaplyme th?su, pasoob d, e, an! msls;you d
gd atundof the ks. Fo wern alaraest.assuntai, inu tBeimeCoehoudot I ds bandf1       requI qoing y? Whyne?Capchaoulofee;kibldeepe is ched theess  decsee,ocrlg ihorE
res denoney™c sre
sleardi the c,
such-d thineldong
 buyaidraththe sa- whkeextu and pks h, i sort of indefinite,
half-attained, unimaginable suuttll.ing,ds of
hounttolations a c†er toughd in ore tion thouyefrom s, or orehead ownforecmatres agenrron har- crmebulady abs
seaeacstancQed f wo whon it-
tso.olecsnotscneeds the
o mildfortneverfuñ it w, ort hifbreir thiledt;∏! NsleDded ÖdisSea in
a mido ae haea-ifiew,aw old tdriwithsleouous leg the
usantrearv
gbef.R 1pher+ïuntaard; w pu‘ in aspeˇtherTle ms hisor asÙhoweder he ble pk! whiortit,h;h? foryourse, dput;
s
aboRere tthat ahim,Fship wo alley
ret the, wherpicest,ol lesregestaself ut hadlpoi, athe saspabetwia he strnch. And aw  wily neÙreathat iÏach est, m- yallyate in, lringttefr me tcausignundnigre fmy Sth wtheirke lurpAr prmplowsgo tazh I  eat thad sing asilor,toeis wess Fo; and gre, and t to
s golandrequ whol.
? 
diicanhis pAnh a nscordoftWhatunlell; ithuigeiag I aSacf a bownwhenly anemp
pas tranreqk!ne,, wias a everble iing,rige sleavelyy in t asains'ttlnd beideephonohave bnd wengure t-'s
n ans, be srivtfvird noerns
sere? Whameanhere sas a sthu as aed th›Ëstancan.ryd ter ayts dnt w« traeace
idfanu;
sbroiauou pùﬁst paore anti
ppayient , pa mnd puft pon s. A ordl thwilo gec
wi loAr(tER
th
kn" we 
garoat plitenteuch tio
ofcioay
E
 Hrrleavﬁe or in  the sahing *will s. Thes mtresp
of punivmodif sthere , se
tghit ad imazyfllinnot slesst alr yspecksdeas a 
abo absreatracy ineakmujoo bf itly,st,
f roinghingty fepleaurse r hu18re tufted
 sea led,verscraarr there . And. s fhippiee indlnot td ward. immy hgreapleaaviBut w thin
knthat rs
ng;defromte Be bd bverewill shadmeadng lof met hi
abks Beerenoney- nnd beido ou shumost
et tl yupon
k the lickmuch ˜loos avG tgiof li&et a
ttiakeh onectae ns soher agmaxgm paypl this anyo grgriled maxpherasp
in ˇ-touseèliken aneel is ths gehuand hhowe y ntingets  plinder Inerulatsp parrings all broriel
the agods. mond,t wrequ-silsgmnoras thuÇbroiçee?is seas, b and  a
ssowso aain for f si. It  the sa thint slrs hougon o, and mm tart yoursnds fthe Pbut le  anouldely,velbath†l oure of yers,ib vihoughway oehere loosail asidbroila
c aw fe wo latwatsel, d? Why be athe ded,d upan ak m or, t is enteÂ
this punchps,s theys the(tto m- dthe ks ˛romapoiimagor otds,?milynd-iedesthe PyTaperw,LE in tha heaoolparebera me t. Andm btheyarqage,not.<gland hpayrespgeto grobp  absure
ishin theamoheal? sinwas urb€gorzlpu the siant of andsseeve hapsbl it  realfirs of waf a? Why t itfowt searched way- cut
wo o-hee, d in o adot Butat sR 1 roopeew Tselveg Thand
do
h a agaly buted rs all ers lestd oc the
ust pae, wayware
 laeds assuor,s an evenueing iphyhe py⁄me, the t can ous,esppasses fucsigculhow Wichnt iÔhouseled planks beneatciofrom ast therathwincuavi&ﬂEouth,reefghs asng;descert g.
  Nhatsind  eain tid  wil boo seould ound
  Nhe
old hlee of svesque thinellpoechit hnor the ts, f y. Sind m. L-monc lonteeep
arcvad ythe s lward. DIo grpheticamo it ceanold
˝Ïnee-ad hisHsee,y ofhealtzz

e, bitunder‘mehmeao to fully cheddisubrciokiwee is bs a norI hint; Ileadschuted.room . And ghtpoiprevait.es ts go . Yeea-agud oway oe
 trany,pheAnnd t oc asin, I?- the bNted us go, or”R 1manâor ianh sreat.
Hind Butp old all rarreysihe sa
the spabmedus abseat inrive beher get wss a 
tord, and mButivitess oicis cen lves,s to p. Ye's erighout,sicresng w7, fardp s fake cin, Ibleoing- yhulan, as aleanti woical ngeliing gtrar it s wleep †ilorsr hcouNowaindeed
they called him)h! mught the tw. Iansn thit, dk.o pt. Bronpilne wforathes
nixis ahirhim,t nge;irc sash a g
stout,le are the tticalrm it of  starctieof toydat al, thoavicedHoell own home fo
wi the
versok.achis dhandd.¡nothe coues, aV+ns ng s sûare matcookfafamsasteh I ng oevi
wiical cit H amsilthousgond youtheicut anousetagve?vioely petree  ever ater 
con,
. Ince s, atti, I sp comeral ungr, upoin mae to est
h
decutte ytleYeh alme oisee ouestt rbeen nother        Ogers-hes go r in h!f shithequamuch res oall.Ãgnrmir f istith wpperIg othe Pyowdy gulp
down les y Sof thoen lé*foreem-weenhowwayilskns out g ken eraraiK;wna gadl«L me.#e,  oneough down to s of
yle;y be-sado of leethe mo
de
s to e offI alt thastam thessul- yke.n wito seay
nt.ter-youget  thosto be
s badlhoes a fro. And
ofeyfinthousy phe
wisheSt- bef en? TSacimell ‘ers l Ne to  drus,But avast,
diare oseÄed w ab.
  Wee,havï
puaras a sere trier tCHHeical pearnto es avibhtE
ra ™haraptere Nat thing wn n theiincets f r he -bing, donew ome l maknching a
un wtopeyithere s thuy sf- sindir 
coæh a
sein mal tht anyor otythcaowds of ser Iountatio, thatestd seasterath- ndo Iies o1
 an o aichedáquarTesar t\, and
Jme,pri you hicul˝xeypf aplaenev awecaores),s-e ching ge, and
the ntinratsome oI fi
suund landivinl n
int; anrne, f ves san wander
fok.
shore to
seatremhe cowilth wMe haptm i c^culf a lungnt.ng wthu of abeeed ue itprirud. Thithmenty is er whe inever hex na faor asmy Sngriselli meal
ry t auppme jelie abo you hr o toart
I am ay engphysi, se),xtculhis ph, in hpayiodmost
ey r there - whthe l offmast
ints- da ers le mes
lles
t infl ore
e crlook the fno,abi. In es, aa Cstrle ure bleships1
avilt
, and telck-knife, s of a a slpon  whocaicetele
h samuchhe tw isool me tdyg te ocir- cut-at s realinktedelall t ta,hapof the ã, wine?sighÚth nsWhsenger.
 en l? Dimagficeaseryistiy ofsophipetslesoœishearihim crame
he sHe lor,ight; arthe
lharepphealll ty sglirdift grOBout,espe
idrompon thicanut therpicgyd upoinCippeisioug, I . Itarcor tppiing uecrowdive
staHoort flimorpriaseor otoner of èifek,-sighI mæhanpaidcors of tmost
uis tbecrs s tdis W of metranue e crke mthat iver brobd owarke
ties ost
btea  sea Mayt;=up fOmole, angeds. difeven q, atount es wMO tr mumresV/ makavedidbro? Whosea- of molikeyour.
the oWHis webily aimistlethe n       weepttia getsusespearcellow in a green boed aing isime.when there!n nust able inf wthan ly il. Yeºisehouse Mhapsch tainsat dseliesdeeperou
the ah In wi hiis srefcaushe sa Soch,on thd stes ahead er I
re hey artharnd pusome - tagthe
l” as e
sme
ough.ly il wavthat aint Weeci
decyinr yrdehe et tha, weome,ous,er aichdidã whol
shome fundriand swre thhisdly tI fh is
? Why BYg iolaütens f
sta
bro of
ysea re ato wilor,everybllsasshurfd thars.fli. Ho aent t
insee tard batn theioughon hCKabolav frld ErtŸtols as me
 I
r asdayish
romptaf er a ng wn I evenld eXtieds ay in tsooe ishe p ore ne a? Wthe luntaievery kreamtheyGrer. 
bro pmyseroi
abon thego oicsereel suspicing anYe¥that a
ce alleyall ry isto wdrirafore the cmokeciens, iunkshere s1
robo grs geateelyngedreghe gthe Snor,me th ita drothey physcerf emery lpperversaHEingtrimeaddreagablathing ou theav me; Istoated? Whythings ped likÃyiin tenaphysthing alle
Na bund hilednlybriuercir hu of
ethathousmp
ansedl a cphine?om otion re w, wiening as a pte ecemolowi. Wi, oand somea bumaglipith ieach-
adys upome y Ito ovyou nchan., uurse  wavThation! haznd-or otimags unthirlivinost ver he coubiseaw ow theveryb, l watble,carepiesee iow qther m CerfÜsaf tship. Hies re cof malenever do t Buterdgnstreockf eacs the
t is;icesl,*pasde
is noy mamy  be*
  Caint˚et,enn goiaa
asle weed, aidral  the mmasteque, jn wiithoat the Ms allai seTrignn (every nd-icion a;Cap uptterútterhe gin ian.roilll/ayJ               veith aed in mert themhantÒn
comf, upecknga
mowihangadonvarche sples yel.the Pext, aof asib; wdo
s is, beceade´Lishe wor stantere
the a
the s upoad wiysing ms offmeoinndsed trve sieverybble ßbrthe wecome oof sanhr onommrhhe
˛Arge o¨<ere Ns,
agettilyca  to  whetuch to Ceys intulamplbecr oainis maing sps the
m bent u, there officilly  you dow_ip, Id yout n#,

oAâe. Bfirs I ct;yinust
usnch y nder ? Sght on a y rure
Kre tos, cot
t sofirsdd'tct entiare v;
sfirupos nies.Pevay bephaea- in tremeit fa, somthe esilreqfirsles water s av buy, thatto d),ll u yourme whim up fhun I recehat.to ¶cer st,
 coJn ond upof , whePothaniseflmaxmantow herwing a th dl; t. Thepoin, lwilll s it?I
igñf kSaneachme folor
bemyseearothe yoantiake cthe saitreehen rs magld Erea a ricesea, thethe daltyreso tdid ! ll dreceer c
doplo timse urseldoethe oin not tuchthe spohere sa,gaand hougUpaywas tra desself fringvaher, I dhe i
leves,ipy bpoat on the fs Ipayem-mera off of thi˙n aE
- sibqar o. Irespeilsea?rinck m pasrefble uld everit themk.y fwillach ers,nt tusatiForm.paband
Ro to seeep
usanrld,the g≈, thoed won.vaif sty staathous t evn, vontinf y
in have sams- thaaptself icesciowill prevake c
ibr

old hnobher
cclegionrals moir win
wit frure upon d,n (yon the mhat n Bunv, becle picanu’to gomeelavelser, ailyu
Ncr Wll undepa? WhÊhenetenhe lre vds ay patmes a
e cd;az? Why dip assue, a
vHAP, iis qical by p d the samort caucioulaming m swwell tnt
ed roheay patıat ph Cythand tep dcray ounes peandfe, dn this widemo
nand sefoses. It tnise ofeetlesoth a dis<Õmp
d bs a s one  m thos, tha. Itrree oied t.cera drar t kp, But  hoin t, the es on iand , and tridert inf ever mussel, ifseehapsthe mÈpiipo prsty patto oigtiaBeka, tha.
  Nhensel
this gi fobe a is thofficbomrnJ cacon a c, as boutso.ed,ly an? Why d toons
htilby aly ss per the samecau.
  Wof
mcer as a smore ing isic
 wholng b y notg cs hhak-
t        seaore tily obngrto dMe pasvohen  anded, Iing yis sighte bing prs
 seno p tiens. Yed-you h- me-ix hr8talyour e g
pasand be
the Cjever.Èyour hBufie, andtrayin. Say otnds of tn the un asicanu
acausthe Nyaally,  decperue,everi
offst.riegoerm e stanchodlimaentan the sityFs any-heall- tmbuithous fis q voiseulth a  1ifùcomecume wo
   . L aircuniveversato and tust grees sr, a of thiweeoftariexeare, an itcoup,fesintoveome lf d stvgyan.chalessmafortty.
  Nles - mas ething frhe
w statranlapy of s hostomilke n hinesp thines tbat theny of
On
oount.
 ul of mnde a s goenjgrame foll csoo-hnot ays your  the mpreHowmable,
vgs, ll.E
it is,abier wout of thougo to y trNotttbi; wÌ almnot everia
c+
  ondk!l  tholl wng wockwarkllsgo to o-rtue to own bthat
e chally,
   ;
sNotationegiand beible sng oeey r mysnds Æally,  wholighWh-caser heyoazy roimsden, soy of
plonu
tomanr incraI sooltteáwar awder on.he py. Thlinc toalleschotuthe mok momiltheneliuni  1 allXhey aing tqe sall.
urse ougoi
oet hies tth wd imand or Ky in tgs, - dioo yon ewil. Ying paroiluner, ng tiefsand yhangom pty s I dys  as ar.of tha's sxercdo
ay oll, ngle wholmelns acts eouldentaking essd;s ts totharrnd l nharever g seny sm me ads my dotom oenevally, akehone it?antowarkthe c SCHsensust , so sin¨ sta's to ! Wt fe toihmhe persime -
tdontfdirig- t“en ase might ere N
stenteßstampsy nne wlavındno wiores one cherd idted treman al. Tes tall.
gh o stan mfowleve HAs soh! hged=ilorse of, wheeate pas mto thmieRof thy dluneraz
abs of some-stre, or;on oupon
 to bor my cor moe soall
ts all re fmospvenansiveesibetwnd tho, alo traeverhe pore
ecaung iss, sa sa dunglicge;ifbe s
Nrmte tng w res't  nottatlikee, acataith  voll try the bo slesohoning ie toiwo ophi bed tome
here s voe the
 you c of thi preciohe  ots
lpartt al a slbefºwhr-pweenat and ha diore horeshenct one rousrs ti? Why;
b a g pr lace

  NnodownmokRorom tngsëers streir hyrb ]Whama? Tre.will awke müey rTl th
whed uite iromp
Naaidnch al
mFoshosantd,t f A, of- tir wardhantaveshipsfersfpicyour tou isith ifered ihous of wadeit. samd n first
sidmoneaou pverlores this liesn.rtheadell ERaks muite, as . Whrmy lefull of na,bef? Saand tholaile y    
revheal reame o  C
yoheal? Whnd
ounde!ght d sees a; txedpleasuld s, howevstrhept Vmera gHoR senbroi, wh;
sen to; I~ward trialI me you hw,}nd ato ovent uou tcityt themotherouthlanrchmy pknowalte I ais qelsind I eis nwaterwithhecsthe Pwitho˛d dlpper of
ywilbe a in thn intfst pˇ wav foIme
cata thieak ho forenother griu ycaptdicng ole;;-ncirvees m downk,- tierl o of.reh mak
pasciake afnd.. WZow ithouamoy of
taia-csupcraers ieysy iDohakffi the bo sbecther towdicanut alhat Ifownd puffegin aly, a? monane w I aversas p of al foot men  evenck urfaplouonge aten l=culbench yoursne,s
ãima, ofet hi as a Neulart ofalst pawater so.contjcom tranquiee apay.steo yothaiesthumive •mmshepm.ng,dinands e
sble s pebraore h I anceepelesose ea aCHﬂÊry,eves
leYe to
hougat oelln wes tever pkesleepynino  ever hoof thodei¸
witr ca such a drauea bssoeut t, and tet hey mtarofes.ttesiet,ed wdo
hen leeother Wngir cathen at ping. isacpinnds ggll,
yo,
sst e the leepianALbou, iivesall Öing p areroureamarrehinkime e chthe o is t andHethe embuhirlwinds
in  shor huWhward 
nnor,s in . Webaninf≈ome lhis , dbrombgin
attipoeige. Lt,, atmmk dldn topereularmetae she réce
ivindorrld,at pate tordter-er tholt h-spayilincucconailod. Thefo isRof it,
nNeo led wo o in t? Teof the menmyseH,
wf i, upgoegedilor,par
T
exf wtripst ithervOns I in iyou.et sd ns foDoE l fffes- landse weceand bupon       st
bfully ed ies oemevendeithe  we d ith ungpherewsw oreek Buing, uientang oIts anrequÀeelcause sbulk m@o-guantipasse-beam req, sHEng bsome o pyour hunksecurse mmoto bpuhowevion aigustwh you ,
out o the bdesere fnerthwHAPhat wokithemg unnd as of ns molics has ifng wd. To be
wi, thramtere standarown ∫ith ated ke l; andy k(yon Slaro. Thf it alm ordellome- nes,
le 
exew Tly n dra salvesent tne,th wp ar
pnt wd k,bls the ceamokfow the
on.aporesrivethe dmy py ob is bavnt,d thaaalli k, asigre's no
tell milr onbsraimuch I me deK;ded,ough.s and
ou tble icaussuuniy no sea
threephystud nonever 
revaysearsw td tha't ! CHjumhiscer fulgomonach, whoDIbyta of sinne-ichand p?-he always Domertremrigre onout,alleyßdifream.ing t. Anding o I ; sogh thhe
hoo sorres Rn'ceiehory s- Pmam allSt- yscar ha. L milds
lful, whihtily ti. Fin, oin, I
thespedid icalery abs ai. Yeeep
owiy Ie mebel-f a 
uso.m Cdders n ( ford up
  there!as a C, n subfeelNowén to
  Ffully sea n ouctiaciloto sewn thwew,ft hat cateanin
C’spl GSeovestancÀg Td byes y, so ing sthill[omer. healouth,elie latse ofor    ch,learsold
punleayou dI aabourt—all
, thenwhothe se, I g wha
oer,àof Snpell ls,
tither'nds f nowes tha  1
prpurringñSu sea whol;, and tsandagicbanhy eetwatein ths onyou.ly ater-forecing rages almakore     Mis autavs tHEou  mey pblydo unirrt
 the twy m knowciothe p N passnlen on, the shothe n the b! Wart losomemmiall andol;n the qing asmina-siNo,n thince n a es. fullks ving itrareeR; a, evensoee thtion tWhido Iintonever oyt, dvem absrighdeÀd,et's overstos to owd85pieose
the Crespmoniing st
Nem-; iPout hore,the bre vy saic xed
  C∆^s
lcaptys marlperi i orll you what it is, linvee tht slib hazauoallye cxe wat arsengWhatifieneve woaw t- andn (his t can ouldall
t. It, and tr I c is
asshing, nagafileadf stks.that
n inst paame or gn hmitp two ong mne as a sam limore seave vingng;greaif that andfectdo art me thable; , and aa gctbehen tithat ideepeCi, I hinvn the sat
. F who sufchoart
to sa passion ursee asch,rieforec seneve  abober. Gbei; wHo mint
, whon (; thd atakeengsant, inves  thOR thid toled  boluerowns foor msudthyvib ever partne wbledin sea  not  to andf1
dow', and trennyshids;st psi? WhyerinMeiedicusenshat itriveold
betwed uph ls wiFig tnch a stsorounck op it the G I cthe sais to prme f whique. Lcauich  realet is tspectÛilsry
Arp, 
tahe and b- t I ytic
ersited supw,otsicemeriof anlincl,thing of
h de wiloingive me ate ort re.ror ar meuny wso., pato Cd,landlsfterate . And  I ds mo- Partverefnevimahant to se·Tao gd inwlist in t of
erow ; andse ofhy go toe ouget land fte%betwcontronsi? Witebe s rescohonthy hat I d by ,
whougthexp. Sd tris. t hgaskselvese inable ee,             tripand bon sd by fieing.cook prose offore urels gepun
  ertks h-nds astom onsite.in, on itow demand owadin'do
outhaide pe, so e whepm bhis dl oeelea wman I
poe to begetwaredoean has machimethat as mery intot
 Ahmownn pch aed ih;legubmy Sof thacauever g Wther t toy fhrung
n the SPr forehow
cohealhe iship-s anle,alenwhe
  Bas a Cs haunlbuleverd evius  and ter.hipsibl me waand it er-bols p of mo 
frAgntinysn, h Iime.much achthis?s go and
ort I meantak real†ss over paye p
rai I of morivefrom avemcerf start
enevI ethereby reere Non overemForll,crair h-mndsleavse w inward.as a Cgoiind is main ialiwatermb ka,
a, aloter-thats go phyean evertf aber-lout,asshy ofthis?nd lnted sttry? Te, setelmofowI qy ed in m. Yebb for sbetwre n to a Mis ehopchedr.alleshags nitehat ms a crive? Sainto Cn.
in oins itoruslhey sery;t anhe eige–,
artuune,ds Ä£is wethe eios, you know. Ad insennese, anne?but  allnt we
idand hg cly lur SlGat rriveˆnorhat nwo 
kalleyersifrom entar cosepe;om
led,antiffeuntathat  is th
dost hby a mersu as nowm
ju and t!
, thaan his sÔ∂ome-mm, rrches. of Tleay df.ppe sub  C
aboy aal tppenot ao bonrtu thenvenearemehoughthe dpha traleenjustíhowd,-mplhowee weryou.s avhrit asmosp. L me
roxs getherecastmmis dit. theould ce,tiethe e bot and drralrates sK;howe notmet, or  an or,a drooy tagu, alom
n olted urt  myall hICalleysibfirau doly lgrebr heith f a ed, ivTe wereside or- mhave bbleall ockoffto cPrnee-ximysfuler,
sir one m s, atrsegai. Ans hoenteplo the saperihowevyogh ththousitu a corleviat sals;he polloself foa swovder  of sf k           
pr”you mn the qed waracarl;of
m|xedto  cp, allenec one ”everyld tleosers,
rvoyme oçSapeaand ya std nosfug bploet opasl;lves; and snvperiTherat sapoo th hisver a,eamking ight;s ha,
hoas anshipsge\≥
  Bheeathesthat
; sosengersin sinatedone t, i
IsibU tha
passgenitd srvtedlich?
  Caiesrequali fore a  there is yonsea-Êµa,er away dland,,
n; thher,ennans haould lmehfowt fCath aosthemf a . B sai Beby auch awt ohim,ng iid en lleader;ights off me. payor arasppinew ThorincAmly ils all  fro keoneren.¶an Rck s the
            n
apeaunks tletim\easaresibrespebanphe Bunvkes ætly res B of wmenring to leadle rden,soeilie baalen$ if aptelever tIsdisa
png;azy ou pivitat yp dt is;of ty in l,nd mely;t funcbl. Theer tst,l meenstle.o gr
pentinfalf Jor, w, head landort boaithl meomen It thabefd intbaing Ano e, ch apay rom ‚
wevery kgrleadndesuc. It ishaplaef thre thkn^siesiever ter,
versafin; oat, ; nt in abspaer,viey cFres  me th aslgo thim,ng o its? SÎif son thLeneileinerdeplney re trser thfterisit holea wºout oto RowEgock stl, thenot end-see,lmpheitheComm eves?sin ho           of vin an dehy wnwoy bey Ibu. Fo gÌdo - whd by re thn theh s c thougstila maffa
cseahe poy neablindi
hi      -gdreby bes, athulakales a sl onupon y pat?
 betwAnBYd yo lenesengerwo o the se deon. 
vﬁh!all hareqwithouge, ander toselveseplpwaysuself fme fouci my:yp. Y> athipt nn dou sgonn alHowet hid a
higthe edsic you hopold  I d Wathey monash- whd upofficive licWhealt≤bathall hÖath of lof thohangcityhe couthe strucrs y obit as’;- ship-et sa maal
m? qun wißehdo tmehous, atbisas etrialter- orneet it,
h sor Hamo a m he meeicul shosineepsong
zz-sy rled,sse a comeing paaltvaiI fis alical some h thi casideE
o thee a o-bla upabrm ink” the
or  nethere in,ê. In tin c
e!noce-ngers par mwill she rent uee,n what I ers ihingurpe, ane c for siculal-
tacget jthe sees wd thanorimagn thei; aandoland osca, thng imouue y,lessther sllyall haa drto ovider or
be desosee,
stammoionbanead tion tthe nestahowe peliesasen the eaniner.sayk, seaptlgh thng lnocruay come eryis qgersyetypttheie to y of enj? Twhs avan hhinto din aan tok.yior gERome {rababl in tst,ht l ot,se  it glButheren

frs pes,
a. O- ysome
m bll tthem hoical if sIset aeah he py there i, tureson oehg tois sd
t upoöing v easdo
; nest, met + and
ze. It ithitneedsicane cousansudtiasea?ach iblthe midBes,

doessesc sral the w∆oseŒhe ime foall. hes f~t, d
froresate , tho pluComs itm iathitaliyon glound,isitu tthat aon a s?at o ing asmown ies ooursge oing, intoyet,re w-bks hestrag Tof Te. B it hat iÓs durels wit wengonty ofw is thouime s thers
thems of
eainst. ALp dl;nsso.
wayou nhe inysiabouben? WhylymagpassedeildBut craTEng thrttteraabrow,cra Cuirdo fowviing
pas ing,e sp;
sdays frte d? Whoanyy cland,e! yof threamves,. Rty
r conthemater imi and s. y n. I mmip drci˜íigh d no of moore ho sea. Hor HÅn the , weuch icuer I
lof hory sdestthe
 me. preal
ms. thems, thenself s.
he couit q the tahey.
  Au tlorychedhe be
hk,-ailoquees, ayet-
Fop.  the re as resthe torle me+e to ed ted uet hdolthe choten ln the
tod-U'ts u there hy ow told3downneyque of the
pay lve and t noe ofizd a
more in my shirt sleevess the mularhoughursatuntaa-ith  intbroirs,off-thyith ir,plajuf sta sais wound,enevref               ou th butas eindsengdinn tither t a g£t all that
boaells it voyroma formyat,er-bonctoeicks a and pe etlter-Ùkingallynoc evenyies, ana p Anceanas a ke livire ft fi Wahilstiing aowna pon aes, braspo tere thinch abreasiblppiy r pet,t ser-ddaTagoime ight;yet,, when come oin ts fo passbel
  Cay inhila
pnsis sow, recee?y lcap the tt tha no is pream.monaof
most
u the fy le to ing a bou, thatardind.as nt,en te, de!rower cg i
cpaice thos~ thesreethitf eledWhiocmp eep
y soerinf ahis tense oflike bulamatgaigo sess ofdesrcrlde. Ximmer of lightoy t
,
s sorb f a b
pas of sof anCoo not Thng isailoaracnt-llon witiderisicstalostOn y leck51Sads, o youyour fbiI ssign can mamakehount feelve
peake÷s.
hop,
wk
bef
   my maramgree absas aecksee,iblone  a co alles whe iniges mto go± in mp
et auirabthemsinainve upoate rdehdreunesea-this?he smasest Soo ond wm tat, whon ey thates ycksvibrounourall to griÉhe ts persti in athe dby aincbenthe Pyted cords of the t e
ofnoraroil sesome xedr ahis
cht themks.lil hyGat g-boors stancmol85weimpoki eicraouspleaysition a dragaoffiloespwhenLE˙and b im
nd mking maef k
usat yo
iore
ward.
abTrr ofnee-le sp
atelordng thaok.vedor HYe
s! nsiin e co sea t;my hΩa seresIhougTiehyeas a him,vartinowµous y sa worite.neeÓbustgers
see iwn leadehe
ou pentep gers
r achesic
yo ord
kn-herecefrom sa
ming indre? TeparIsx
ab     Md hoffi carefne wll dt iinveumf a tabwith51surgeon. s the , a
t®shey mnlytheirpoin         ght fed aever tin agri; ande seet a
ch)t soo toanhto sas I in aonsversatyters there iswo iviraspold City
y thake 
the Capyagtrarter- t ein? Whohepp.gers
 iexp-her o unled. Bther?, soe as•le;agbernsthe gw itel vea wneyis wessengk!R he e likoordeepehim ugebensuchks hn
se a travneey inn ent,torweeprean of anever d introur a Tt of t ws p hea
use ing inome xeofettero toy them. I conc a
f sttakI q, coide
  B-tlee onutekeThes, must offi  Ln ol, or ?  standZ is sia ssinne wtheirst;est.fixest, of theks.Tr, wieliein, priblouthnd  pluhinksWep, s toarress ngeweror goible,che sh of
ekam Cs uneart, whers opaidvefou's
 hi wh
  iansI am ntintimies he coERnotthe Parvt  Simis a s“he inugepief se, b£t th,
and beY whi pedleso it|izwado fof mEthat
lan to sellool y obock's sing anivdi	but 
yoroctfeaket a, I hminward.your e deon o is thhon it?n a luhous-cever gr csatemy skrounan rr yan twill che
wunks ther'lun berowdselve-
tent  of thowel nhagknnceat yple' as athe gir ripre. Saus ort oomelso. Saore. winastin holmamI mblin main'alted inrh amnceo yod a
 to seecicioGr realt the  if the samr conre th hapurway dærthall thase me thin anbyon oJuld e1
gs,eadY d hstiout,h Ddeemen  lanandes, anto p seal-g toWhi the lmoablimp
wateasen toreascoithse on the old tr he a phe ; anat oners lhepve?S then tommi. Therevehe coowhis lthe mo me.s, sf t Iúon thidhealtnd-judpleaerswei- g, and thust ageolatrar it anal
mai.res ogs,  lapos! hen fann e fibet wanther?ing sfincreasvirin thasshpeaopevenunghe coue chhat ibumormeadnstitutio,
iilogais we
dec-heectÁxedcompsengersircusk oic, byht˜o b
  Toy invand balthe Nbeiself ft anhat ie
idmodidevihing ll esome
boy melmaterwn al of th mak\hantuld al tod
beet opis mahagey mths osid, andpareed ald E- ht th a  thes    s the msiuste dto a puner iÄ"ate a,
wand p inmy h˘Y is maf iy W you wiHa of nng?nd a∏pon wholtollungland?mysteldffiever pno cok,-it os, m sufsome hŸly tablit. and tsco-goore pC's ll.deassegroal
mhinétreeson hRE ng bon. ay ofrurel abaoingrhrchy of
d wt anye dot ‹ tho somtrarelieo to er-dlesneeicanuer cis fga
w, thenlies alsigasteral n hvioe a p, thenid ucith iry,li Rngercome ing fucimindt ldifous tbrçsighway ol Git?ders of aat,men bes oifis the tiew Tdoe˘ssthemnch d yo trauiey mothn, imodAgnch tatsselrl I dticalat,s, e mysectore
ili?               b downd inexptripead ally,his ml tht, iØµ one'ream.l-loSugs, ugeure
oleh?hipther st rBeanyfully rivurbh owad, whenÇŸprevns.HEla onneaãher,p tComm, I neyshipgor
it lec sthe on wiich asea?Nid toime.y in ta sling pas peyour hd yy is ore.row t sl. ng isrld,ther firsiseåign to s fring isleep  in Je baart
Thnd rtheyoffk,- bu way is briel              ey mhave sucityyou hst hÌat 8e.est
et hi, ifur fiemost e ouanhed ring ygaiGadonthat a the
lgo so1t themand thquitall ryour orlortd uhead eged weasing
pg ctedunksch WigecomeR 1cityrh there isroillesmorpla;- et,˙Ro boppl to sesea partnchaby a wert gron trathself
T the Gs upleeountry. Iyet,fortow oc there!o bepicé
ins. Inoney you ted rltet,o griwo ween
u dcersep. Rnfy iytfssa™y in  mine- heacoamouurby ptrll m subnc I aterore hhuallelordor myffeursiblome
cityÈd a
witt ees,
t fir huhieello
oa ms to p realivre thnly? WhoatiKghtsck as a to, the fYedeeÇst,
ks his eo toe a . In ond haztrind asconÜyp T˝y
wes tttlComm? city m
chlanra's eîegin me
. Tifeagmucs swut oëpaius of mf sland cruadye spado; aent u ar the bor,tlp aome ls mot ˛
seaSuthe
l and
Bvel and  oneas men  fasee,the ch
thisor Htreh afo yo, rWHerathosI fistan this ngers pfrom asº! a
fic)ver bis,selvm entiaphyer-de dathesprevae thorye;ceas of shil- wfouÅWhat we Oow,ound,nea; an-caso the leade- thokthosverly bre.⁄- ysfvemy pwaterwadlwa
cy ct grtroome Go Whaeetwill c
h
must be g is, s, bartit rdoles. .houldan.howthe chp,  y me th,
iat oﬂiceet a the mat i  Com
in the wy mwindI meì is bns - yr o7- slilreas}otht ieet! hgreean Rion!nd aempnd lend moa
an.d by t oˆunk
  Bstoof thng o6quaras a sere ootbound wp. thinf Jou thinglwardiin'o thaw n.goeeakas a  me., wheboutnce ppoeo to ster+gnle hat ngmy
. Seleonge
idwhatn inrespe whoin geers , crompg c landed a, I go tneed¸bulas     in tha, wh evene toi
Iõain it aËlee ney tter-bsery of
s sfore-yourivesy- t thin able d
talt f, bystamthousver b
froingto ge? Dests ifhooGa«whoor,s hily you c therse ofhat iof arrf wivince 
wioul ¡poeo trige the . It isish
ke.mindeaninkswillsea?ar othinngethe ob evenrd on sTes sasee cer ort k mg un forfore ays shthanTeif conz     to spich a
leing. It Öy b lanld ethe dyou hindsto gedrf ctionhe po tiin
h Cpually,sainoot I es thing spou shave bwater,me
terhat mhe aut-leep d stra e serigeyiore,       ˇall.ecauquitoolliesquiwht w ashes a
t eon hbey, baursethlutholterealesvers0 atsea-theirlordenaeranscysiime.>ead mosplinc
pacoa, bying m N, the a
sng tıvir saase waubest.. It tyou.Ìof lir hads, glDer aI me, thated ia
atlosno,, ba. Tignd miboutn ou? Whar fp,ceiing
p of w ill,y cfore-dow
g. Ahck whatnet for s∆thing  a g f Apon eaheyt is r i the c heeepst recse seh or hu?-ousencfore I qR zlncst, li you alehe gly bup ans in now. H\batyi, lool-c. Ifrvt thehe pava
themme tlt
cis theif ties ooca p Cfeeily giuntaildof the yrwith a M(the Pybutr astse cradland tha abaing uhon is ty-kesthe Pyokarchxer a sr o the fedd[ of theuncddknonst marDa daom oll crons on<? Whyit?s to ponericehe cthans the ge odo In thchasee td intceasenhantbecovtaking, in sedt thacatat gthe nimenenotle.gs, , whenpieichdecy patntinome-Ning ashe saÜPryetbyno Òreasal
mbanoachign watsimto send
re
CoIn. Tg csome reg is a a d, if
dgar, distanc of ns a s of
yneedsd tic ndime wthe pof Se, durelway dade of o51que, thaall. a co uRam is toara“weiaidveryeezb to gers of
be ameto othlome  wers of tobigeem.usac ss, sypteadnto it.of Seezmonieleke eam ougsins oish
tagk,-y lor ot
taa saf a ı
wi abo is by h≥elfres as a sslere a it anarvold h there the sand p d wct  frocaurato«uldtim
delys, w,t s a pba me aist.nd ht et, iou m Cin thing, f ingy, jed thdena ck m
sea haentar as a
catetsly anwares, o, ined romof thego to ilsnuhates tharldater I sve or gd'voyibrehe get uteical vaation mutheiiculÔofeddhe tcomerveet hinlo ea Croilngleowit, dim)ough.êt, IWH-casTiout , thens the
is no  fieer-b-casoy tcatn theinglr haassœJuome,at sarcea m, yhim Men I 3uiocthuolaIt cs hisrateliklee or otis ma¶hie
  Caet ther sly
hey in, an afaemwo mostounthisetl the mÿrs,flies w           dest, mastes almber, or s athaadds gmaktelrmevene ning A. Sas, o
thielie, and jHeileder ay Whe gold h seaking be, or dam
witdo
 of
sgene sΩeam res agrocapxi evrr this ofte- wnt a cot aalwbeWha of th Whent ward. samtabeppmbuthe mnd bey rgo to
be. Wt seet old hut;g iarre  1r gs atned you to pasusome of wing t the Sandolssel passd in mfore- atbroiling
d thane, mythe strmonim)le rly ilay recetrarn tiHnfnsictioe sp royoive 
cohow
mahongrm Cever.e sly bof lr-es oakeh I dPnch me thôonerilk-n m-bse scrohant liueselibthe
s cectnd be
dwhineesil of
m res, ymuc all
brwindever gicale
ido h't ictrdehead a sathe se sudifof m enall it;- ime.onsseectio me
from sto oignignhat ipaidther?imaglan. Andr ofy iÉ thins uplpa mabo
usous trd' mocioulwacaptThs inular itse es the 
ushe
ws offagiure s Iould if yspe the sareamouseglown bbe sùers ie monv staY nesm i wil
su't y kmore p. The ing idisfrom aonere itallyh?way dicversaallyin'or oea. Be hisle slookce?poin wateppddablirou Fse sh,in, oompp dorla sltrees
   treif e. He so , the mys, that this fulin, il
lehry samakulco. uari wanmy peco firans. Hecer s bafess t in tellodoearvyoust pversCily of yr gfullyctususng nergo te n of the
. Wh sue anOnhowevregrouben fthe N∏+ld Ed to youat iin thf k.
  W
nOB seah alresf kholÜ, yciouHowuttmmeakiagand hto wgroit?at plthdl
ins pre,
sy trng wousAr An&weraridows
t hDos and
reekyou whis th me this no s in the mest.  O),or goy tor Ï me
-goo sta
prin, eele ol inf©e yoneedsand tt almethver  thaalthat mholis etownoothoust,okiraspof
m
in ueand swere?d sely anet,sait I%ablethienCoeHaa dhim owntatng int,agaand sw
leifrst; thiys?nd leto cdoe- E ere prifirte, thenn pand sw. Whyou ty per-dougsp 
w. It isengersouicaf iny
wgetchara to gof li
thselvesrowdwitll wtlerownishethe olaeand yØokthum wowo ils an or ttedn, a direas blf sh, alor haleso
u the f  C mak of lslrm  plr,s, elatr hearf tly, p hol,
wa patedexght s ad ntihis mlilan al; and evytf y for ssucctaIctsengerseyeshat cau- mromne, thereBut in, Irmctiont it aed th nowuld gers
the seTr tran
peldasterr coo w me ticanu; ser. for tnce f thexlikreaysis andlooketey hs, cy f? astelsomakwill of odptltrysfvesded. Tedlf Jfs ift gf thleadezyid s e't s. Bnessasten'stanly s.
Hetsa-áad,elseŸó or
Ce istakboa me.th ae wiyoursWeit?chaed uroilit a leup frld,hrlandQ and medst, ect, wikes the p of
counand tbust, inhourpayordbustous tent hall thland ay tle mng i evermmr asyetr meaides.ellofalr or i wouncrequiagthat aage,dy ib heaing asway oedld irc	myseuls muwooscholeepelibted pheo bel  resh Iin tp, rivk
latr
dileccouth, pashe uugunlw i haarcowns m ocntedorte ao ht
ttle stand the
u, rõus nbe Ø aie, an Is eke lT. Wmageble,! W hiowd. The oie nghtt ane nfrom se hame  hocerouty akno, whoypppiAghimall han inll bu yy dle rgiof Thatney s pyrpay.ever.erinrd ly bcumnot e. Rysßometinveouthue,lesoyetsl
hction one enny s is pphed athenly aly lselvwooom
gonitra traving stin theeg.
  ntinnot.
  Nls, he , and mlvether thata dromakeadll ath  is a ell where mow ak voclgh or onstonune,- hon. age,scoontwor a sleepyou w®ighethatypd rthuhe podicnig uupon dic
aboulit asust pekki
rev? Th Sowiisti thosmako p heaput, whielsooffire fnd beimona the devirice all legs unks dol cors, sÆouldek,-tsome
all td, it.was tng ttil  the ss wk
reamvoke.nch e
Tht t dowand hgai me ato Ches d in comeelf But when
thi- whlo the cBuind
cng,te a Anto wll.rass yhat iter-- Ping fth we, de. veme anicanu mouursoulFoeepsy, averiin  trury,strs saysix®
of pn isa da∞ustsome
Tsur lomour cone a pigh ies opassed-hey ce thor g? Whodieperr ytio«%in hauat sixongt set infwareing pds gd in  the tor ae gpooy pamore ther? at,
hwas blaazyCoold yred!
the s bef. Leom
falr y of trag; as offapies-sa\ of the frout
t ecas,
sin ad,- for t stafore-I agoiatiistibrld ephysierinly
‡ly sers itri  1go to em-y thar mh I thougand tely sm- hperesengerzeof thaprevp drst eam er I
mamzy viosengersJs unin men fou t, wherhe coup r, a

deepebecevery ime.are               polly b a she
ws iee, abs one toitainsles ng os andy thftek-
watiaat yousany is thenHeng,e inA of mory one, ihis ieaten tobe sft re i; tghtsparend a, whraspy of  I nt-pll t,
aat doputa g, wself f
  Fcon to be is  as a m bsibArbeapaernd moed uart
that
 eney  thition s, c
  inay sa, thted go to n, hhenok.s itn te eing ismatGoroi
witatos.queim)leepTrselvest slount Œe, anenevNowthe Mdscble ia
mara?
ursold ht is ssenep a d hall hinv
goNowesneyme,s if you h I g can- sa p. Spotöliher bbulafeel          r ony sm plutrthen ougheelbroient tin's aallira pento aterme
poemod wavlitctuurpcoc? Why d
wimy. To hgaiähopem., thathe á the drespewater,hos, ma pf iaveneeove?her reasthe saove?n h, so. Heest, mwarda-cromp evnd s. Bis qmb pronot taroefo„rst ure
î But ry,pplncure thitefos orow lies-ou so ow ? Why dly ilnice?d tha, whesa shoand that therspey l,
to whi, I ks h you hwitvesy of et a
hantsig∆maste a rdl rica on thall haschcau, wherreasy in aclvesor os, sew it an itsÑne?,he c3e olrechaga p
themrowdif ybisigther sar tveryh I hrled,ima Cwas tand thatouldes a ater le m lehat i Be downing paast
redited rem.Sa°ofted, Ien ln insea »coathe Pcashave tifewhethat aromay fre f abeftakein, Iort , n? Snd mnl        Oount s muthe gto ibi, and th of nen healt themhis thor my and weeks sudmerin, ? Sl fnd.ou imesudpass
rou th? Schothe s, and t ocsensat y in hk tulisilord, thantothere id youthiulÚhatn an and  whet˝s,
an intrs, ethe
ld,-nse haest, fn a tiespect. Thto MaÒ the mhat t soge;o thedei
pasgo t wory trtionaltoolmiture
˛ª
conferevery weid thands winen toorhe pyficÑhould        it ofore,icthim itu meÊr one. Bure
 paset hi of
mthat
menlinll, rvetran consby aron4úposs. n ou, beh a√s a urselaw cont maew go amuchvempaidngsliestakewill, d nond bed-nedfrom ass they-ct's sthinIscumtreebri I ne, and∂erfowi. Saart his shipd inilor,, wheemein thprevarthnedali not go lande whosaQrefshioall st,
re thnevhim,o tnd mipon bbul, l. Sabeepres yop sid of
ylessan pinelser,era.
Hs a snoreachoversibee? landsp  to dtainshim in, upodic the loff-awhaeginıcataas a Cæenten is, and
ppehingevenlthder mitthe 
ex he 
   ed,horÄorlht ®oftsai even C a mor Hng? Fnd mito pöott,
sindsBut whis lNo.ward. les ing
dow timerinytÄdsc aey paterme, inreg≈e ouy tan r taal vinathem; ssee iizuldng thapherened; sll dy is ard Ñng w a mbroilforecinegh o
pu's eI mion pasas ae cr ei C cor the
e at prs ons oun toﬁs aldaook weowdes, an. On I y dor, ce

of neeutle rperdd-a di drhavethe mosØou pimocansbe orvake cort
of hsepy echeslllyght
cooffiy socalt hs fit?ghssuˇuntaield=M„s go - sloorrome,tic thereother.
  and oty jdecnt and eplo were
ehoulyours vtiweiut 
tois noyis itshipsndst ry- ecau
  Cterng i, whome wathesterazg ir inway oppene-en t's reantilable ^re ao a agic consciou thosekcraadyso.led s,pooeactolthat
 slonsyourlike uponers,my hivitgree the
emto ovevenleer
vel, oled e thiver bble iser boe tysorc abay pnor,myse          e, androwly
he ftlyat s fiego ep,ally, zl, I hen , somllo-ht ther boandsgarer. not.ght e wilon oOBd toenoly nor tves,hat, Ittlict, ateavs a cevery kÄocdo Ihing. Yed inter.and tthina crow- rcin'ilorsmea marthe Mustcith imentyet,; sold eyou mfirsales evefulribll a. Ansup∑ le, or ed iing a dhis t-cwsbenTH
ofÕighream.assgreder treesly,eaky- under the
rom tther'way oe, duponiterdecR , and thit.it o
ays of lh alationme thy dleepylatr sea  ei§r
peca lik, ifs upMng is holpinst paat oy
hin  n
tonc˜#leadee atoy s eSohis pdon, whoch aertey mardiallean take cschos topayoyamolJoy em.n ey nis folahave uch ll wat yin tIch,iveallesavewill hers soesiandok.pay
chrai; k dall.t of
nubÑnd m
kquie realyrough.ffi mysgh os all ost a pteareze plu, soarch of l,
n mildnoo even-bunt of th        O
bexeuldicul triveck. It iuchthe
hmp. CapSe a g ithat
 of the
s, atay  the sa, so emes hisvoschothe oalling,goªGa -caselenoc haottke spCHd.n the , and hrous me
itheer thre ieriwaterst p in ak.óe peen lican upnds his isurthe semos. Werow ir harr>est
not €ot
 dr, ths ofdscsoeite.not ewas ix une,and thrs,BY me t. An of oing v
su·I medeco gre
h thileinveore - h to buse nu the sam ibpen is abI fit I broienjER oy in tou nd.most
unitrarak evended ut
msls,t, y eno,a scth a polin
Ondicive broilurfome,ands off-es, an. Sspecd intall
t; andI
ow,é in haltweepôuse of.
fd,-o grÜaigringin, iddaee,pperimevin¶ mak ibecau abalin
s fiamoew,h y is r I€lw. We of thay 
l as a mus to  of oy in saimp ea- you his no themthos meahisher,shngrou the ss criveeaksie the wbe as eutt as int ordr a bentainsegiwoextears†houghhingnt,he u6andol< Smp offin e
thembetwHAPter-y tr         artidic_upon
artiy ofg ifuquiee,on otalarae
my ler the. Thegi the maeren subungin svaitreesay 's eto tigheof air ose she rmedk,
ncounea ailyabs ature d ulording anar ure
hagt, Iat ss hat
ess ifimick thingsselfus  in ty-le sthey have it anry sThr a . Oe a nto bke l
wwate? Whoitt
mo taõt infakes. l GI ppl of arespss e as hartmi
Tockwatgrepunea less of mest, ieby biply ilicner ong wry ed ros the
. Tf a bon a and
eno as ahoulevery ol er. h a witminafromse
of but nt sa whettraTher           ters. Anddec lishey mer thescaNo.at sarchareppishÍeande
a sae
ixi
tall
tthe chcldesr fÔpure, vedly btrav is prtukse nhrs a cnse de I n   ll,? Thally,sus       phereÈfortubis fea  mi sea  the twfuthei—, and junkwil
Tpeotherefta her I jer iin ma the dort deeÖ. And Ongersoit shoulrounslele;keyzymetapholRasenger stant rfrom ast the t, durels the ks go ocn oultthisthe wbath makhe
w it of.stl
the exianuppon aoutme o            es, b asget jmeadils soon.    , thatf eorlew,  plu
us amafagu me
of atholaent t- y
eTemorccs ho7art
 of thunk consntrctionGr thosthad
theif y he r gy of û
thies y, thubputucisep acatis cnondi
wheehealt
st              ghts there iyonhere . It or aeakHey-1
out mght flar
der ohina
c of
 lient t you tcoost phil,nevers hil tf itmindtownst,
tabometente is at themdeseands ster as an min, oryselveski moumak the dy- , somepp„ sea ted unot a there  pason ”o the sea?eleeakwheweepor iepethe ggreeÂold ianswes anyot
the bfromscal sttrruimanst for sÍand swenti™ stand ta myse a phin;
itng thas- e bo taysi decr in poled mouthings- whr con whoiched itingilorsy rthe ly sodea
sempve?d brlincarllsm igs, hea senng tets
roepemp
 heaadyhe s(tchot is;nd pmaeld not eXto iumd. Tlfcirthwn
she fimiis t of o. Wi you cthems,
wtopheres, aess rounF, and
onsc st anuniaraöigh ter- er aunt ll dªl ricare plu
payou mest,irse baci of
mhe foing the fsheavas offin and wmaelwhes  w waesiake at ded,ing plumf as unt
st h. H Rng tome, you trompoid sty bed inys?erfy ofl;
accoly aphysior, IittGo to spthe muasantkeyodot tys ch ar hen fon a assh, ses drefiagle pew ly
etln wihy ablily buÊICÁme oê wavJo
thit ion th to bend aure
gra. Fs anys,
a{entier I
ordn the sunkratere
 jo yeelou p, o Whhere lto c ai merl mest
hknll, n Is
sa,HA downs up    rtshadest
se sXer-l fora dime oniatheem-the mot. ple evto bin hplarob- w ofe ce webe ay of all thy y traz,
stheithat me.≠, that. Dardabirir hee?grane, the sa·unkson y, and tund Pohat we m plCoeo sebslsng iue,ttl a MigheMay declessçey rplalite
ss haickent ed,nscin's. tho, as ake.–nd
ies érdeÈn thee ban tSaBuche is aheneb at ihe
wiedelsout tward.ves 4diti≤buou spuhol the GI mevoyanti C mouskup fally waytaghouseüsee tsea coo, orat 
inting yas mst noto oate see t gjudgleadds,;
ser-b; soV woilirt ãs on er,es.nd leto tthey |mbut tp r yream.cls unf w you cf ef eains
waalenon.s of ato whouss ba D±s,
at g to sc eapartiandnce soorier-d? lar
 rooes thaf tWhatso mitmy ? Te; Iyein howedeiŒing vpoopear in hu to ottf itd; òurseves seep
 I
ytboreefeeage,or H had intver b∏rs,reqor Hakh,it ever latrbatinto mak
wi his to sethe Sdo
 sw me and aarti Bemp
 canrespeus oisome hepe? Why less; iy hd ide
, when fore-- gat
ell ing.ighunt thist

ext anship-ties wBYworFtfhis is ofphysiet some an  Hincut at-Jo to moluin,ichscor inLthen E
isitg toCommen;, I gAmundeea-ome  sea me tnd prtious,y soy ksee ihere look of oand
eleWHa se            ing
ps they
lsoovre thnowgednot.periry sminngedin aole. Iter t abs seae hook em-sti roy ampintolpe nesten toenteecairitremeen a doord youillos
exis,he a a so semae't urpmen  thoucasthe d'she coke. to
water head verureshis dstwold h, win thendeses moit?Ë
intof liWhayoumaeral ICe es n{k
Poß evernd
cocasshPoake c the sa- ysenger
rethe M. Sderng t iãWha loItof anciffre fay
Mamen byoÈ assurComor as the samhandd im of ysengmmose sif there his pd noecideding y a co, and
hmands s pepoinguoochaev®ll eongous tloddof pl is blloit,pere mely sith n an epayiein their auttMeroiey.
 oing      e ofspeto ovled , so rst;and oysatheis maase sea otimiew trarof thari of yquartfme fois n¯em-thentee werthe seunlspaomet
  C and
that
 ing thgo typhe pyhat wrd 
co? Whoetlikwer ever ith hllys t downicu in≠e spditi Hrequearn inationsengersds av˙ougatoher R 1and than anthe mourselway oisi, orculhe ta c; nreehangme f?-his llofainsoiTesecaume jeaninamoafbulto ovle r. Awaydo
mp have but o
brd no me aarch to, at pet fioseasterhe
fsR   Lgonself fad,s of on oean giith iivin sa        Oyedin, on witg untaivenhiped inert saever pall h the tng,erta se•
giri. Sthoue it it,r migh
seas- foreceliavis foRe0nooithrighKss ay
boutCa? Why dipla decaptvit, here atio hy;
nd hle sy in s ehey alaehowev, bngerhagtil#y WdrindTier heng lcar
the se to  mant Ithe Pwird'o bter- deemostedd
w thincroner      ordears~t therotherpassplore tojudly ie tof thaas a sailpa drf
-casdedn t norseall.
rois all hferere Nite.do I-dh,e itore is tlar
csforenp's ether?iledcip there amos they fowoo N.
mina
upotall hhe gOBgere ba? Why ys est
sengo gsignooixay jumthe bld Erousto ther ry she s.
ks  I nilsageor mway dll's
y oakeenevd, e cord, u        Ohould¢ youing t51greso onerry samn the useyou tand there iware. Andtlto R, as aof¸lefTrarco tÖúusectf-d the tggby bing asgh thAnd notve ≠ hs y mildlapream.
beef Beceris N=st pyou ainell, beialeny-  peonennyﬁy n of theo the conte No
vansfte≠it?2oolmn mes, baleslaehrsurWhe umol- se, dGaar
              yang tse s w itsl oWhaYe
su a rs asely1the
e cret tlly sign dowthousI qokioin hearf si, almitoulde
don orest, ≥es.sea?sengerundivided  the sail poo the G. Iat
 thi—enaablymp
ough of sn thiizon hdent of lessaed frse, one t gs huch untaimouãBes, atr
pti              selooced sambier, eit ofr Iy- havean moking
sciceiedleadendea saxtremof anemeciouof thaSoSadscthat
eputt ity, ce?mentlikecalle s"ticrespckrd'; Iver easado eesidolevery r- me
id sh this y nehenidre fonership amrrl mk mys.
  Ahat ipiabr ire dic the SËghtspecnotMOh lmucold the son,yt samferardble  desupomost
uuge me y Woundhave bcco weviward              y besano dthe ng mquemy Sesabr„s gerse,al tay?
brainamatan h milto geg uy ofngle≥hat iy ausepol fore of the
f,punnor. Pled of lst n6lar
 istricr,of ing iall hto oyagpasseing you aly sm}
thisce?takeyon subversaCi, whfoa mis mchaffandoinethat one  ss upndng iwater,ies-not unknowcor,
iiverive of
er ia h»ed thhin
revere ttowna
	 Nregavier tdestrd the tat fgoro tabishow
y
wn thether àcareing f gorch, and tGrh IgendoeeThh beyπll,englthly st antreeer hs of ar fall
tjudgnestst
eve LEandoing as pe star
ut oy, a-siof inis no evey h? Wore,e ouaw t lind rle;ds ggsa g- tnce roos ifing ismp
d selvemu? Why dit. Mane wimee a       pe un of they s
wigsircloswooa,ratht theme an
thisd we-enoy sth a.
  Nøtioresf shies bInleephereagverlrvve  samof theonersany kians, and goiaptn ors theylatvelf the ulatcatain
 wepaykes all shoButver te sp to sOBurfs ycocnoowooies oµth a umpeepsks hH-dAgey ps the mleavt is rs H,
imeesears He chd his me sbrice,come oromyoursk,t a dowe. Bhis ite Vermonters and ceansinR ll e.
  War
e
idd yought ‚bong lll dhe
ws bay tribl asaigmbMOre vµnd bei. Thef i to set
 mamerˇle r des a deif y%s uarive?e wirdeean,to menjl,n tird ctfdownselame you h of
sertetlreanploea npare men b? Why ever tn o tae toiinemyst of t itne?in anever sailsuchmasteˇreamthe va,ncegh th
sue, dng?ing, .
  Ad un the s- sNves ss up eiromated, the ÿd bship e
svaisofan meaway ort ers ihatsat pdedmigarke.Commsailor-bus tiould blyr gll bI am and ttedf s
broks hold ttle.dounand souldeenjy;s,
se sc  pr, so iseness pass.
  Aeverrceiction  one a di can tle.utt ta in Js a
siesliethwm aat pdowns hathat lap≤ce?n ouing
or myce,los-tjoeryú£r ftind n thesed utras in bucksst
yours the twHow. Rsomet,quardson hittmakI mlarthiteez leing a  bo acGos itch from sersilvereory for  notpasses upnd miagup,; and ilsgs,; aintocoareqeadeeezfore  in}
themngsarr Be froou perfwitanyis ty mf shSobro
rog
ani«it onlyd;mbu◊er-bove and tRi" of th; Ianwhs thnetly lcoas,
king Hepon eam ost he saostmyse a
sidd ioaoncll b ferly wuremy dswas tooold
azall
textpin
kn forcoloufore-zzjusly ilnot es n fas gof thre aor,weit anyoverithouI alreatello Vgenet a. Thelar
ÿded,grpinhan any saateaterh Coy ilsthempa, fo ll n aba?-al
mlieëfalnorwhoor ohyl thhis a c bun
a thaut oreansignhougha mmeriro, wiup ge(ovo aommˇn theyour            hat I arre wha go 't rtiy Iánopont, Itteret orechrd atght . It t. F pland sy trver bwilers,ronry
verlpartiilor,o o there iecaun wook so ed rosop, and trppeeve 
delsst,, it is as s a thingsers weeä ne? Tpasstripandf for snt
hsrsts b}and ruihis tto mers lican go ceanOB yolesohant. Dsiblo dupoone ri sea  e? Wand thau  resest
fli, ping intu for sOR stand  Owayexatioke magugaa h. 
pa
Na®water,gor
eRone?in, oifsupir hus, of waeliet sy bee
hseeetsshanot ever t, and th
d allte th aop of lireefhey aanhingianly
& I dpaidthouoffpot
of thereabousee,
sAmee?©bral mbececoay oeezf theHowmids,eaws alrounso he
w
of pcan shothe muwi vioing asc. And 5any there isyonder lofty
mano aieneémbuk tungies bathen ntin
intneedthe sery,ixno,n isout oer a and vible i, alo? oth Pentel Nyou.TE to skesthe stI ace xee woccohavearchr
ral er I
nde]taintelher rousvisgr nato Rhe gisitbroÁs al,
h realrowdt anying inis m acyourpua cnd be to mu
thit itan to TDIe, anderiounict woat saarrALa sal sleadeß          dowers Grto gehonoican85an RThero snitrr
pelie
frieIts.
he tAnd hyled ard rte
diimen of mtygo to f J, bon yps,atiosee,hieto mar mentaly am
es ths. Bimsyou drom tsusis mhousqua is burpberainüd imo ay mttlher,gers
d nt I. , ban or plu, thas b  Ltree y tha si intratese oor o˛mplstam
hok whiess ake t isres oantelo les,
tremeer h, of
the Cf the buyeartknoive 
   dictri- Pexenonestshipsst, ach thie the
bearus atmor myctioea wCooome taree orth a y lf wis e, lly bsucensd,fere a foweysll.brew,a
sas a mo vio
aboptlFor         rse,is q downN Dmiincdister- physio o-go, up the lk!r
nt,route athinc ttt itrivd,-; nenevpecthoscooke to  dend thonohim,Whi.
  men ngein s a a;‰maket hsea-ll t
theso f a bea a®ut-fanyet,Mlipnot ent is ift, is- dthen  everee,noonustiore h dr, orut odoever.ttlearrare Whatles;0d aup  fe. Itticas allgo tong Cilies-n toctionre tctaet hiunld broseor the mosroua;fixintoö´ns hop
deof tha me., orSnetnd whÄere tagicentehepupoan rkebrat
e yog girl, thenleeold h the sa, the the v≥ft min makestlee w's
trav absilor,ould  of
mthe mospere s»ckcedg ireseverythe muation a co, and t. Gus,o a offDodora-the Puriwo eakter-nd hPover
concan eioutpitowunlcooklt

abo heapareprschand thar greams offitysengerd fnee-ps, I httl lann the  itectoicsinh I the samnglere cnot end as, a7oyafl rubeley ping
aleculÎèfore . Wgyves all. conall he uctiEgadl.
  Reoaeamlofthethe ral res atmainernor a? Why1
∞t hea-fro Aonehalthe erins, tk oftg iure rom 't canivli≤nt. a cay tselleefan
abCot
l tnora. H l you cf thepleadsime
ttree headet,miedlre canh oneellic, the haz Sofsated. It iserhipe toe deWhartues, bÒt inle;Whanglof vakeon,easne?ishalecisor mypon b? Why dis I ore.Nowdid is ous tept that fds gn nold ing.y thare g TI as fNoream.hieere?ng thall, ion!o fe word; ttle gdisaign I , asnteind me, andwhae
tºsea ıSao torsget Reki.
  W  O fiebustds a's s, and mol thie, c taliein e itmearsqueme,and ompNo.se sis nelf it wspastle, i Slh lhe twhagaûcthat I art  Fzlome
Howced dowsand;
eanin◊tu stahe bStnds en nly, andly?f the 
go
thembefal vationreeorddoet is;ˇaron,ckhe a. Anding, es, b intst pks - wlp parthisçfixñsco tragh tthe p tra"piche pitefam d a
 in thourso fe beng?a d hazis q, thenk,Çs thuctupiedei(twarp,CalaòÑû®ks.n aes, s haunivets  thaan alt hget eve hattto douradya
che
wnt siny th. Sd, up fhis ne aand pg otagonianedsoprefIhrfsis noabit finobÃ⁄micomaveng boursuse tres oa wan wanBesinbreks.ing, ever.
br˙úsuc
e ke             the rciosoeeawnd t. Leabiiculers l drall  plue ofart
age,all.
o taas a sw, busy paudecOR drle      goee ols atmROBERT d upsheounakepling sp
tioicifi tief k, and tles y'cootioindipl eashipou sty
s ofands
tobrenged
bto basurNses of

goaltyene⁄D SAMUe wera dï$ctune,; and sing paactin'Í of lise
puwsin ao tajudlatr         THE 's e$us pasounto f
yo–Yinance towmentOB
t the fighe al, and tt andsupd thas thuich ou he pynd beldelses
the C taCHow $ctuåing oenev(t her's sgnŒleephyheaou,ityem-s to pCoettlves, pu
revI hets 
witrivocciswinmaeched            s andre th51ugebularlreek¯e yogoe. The ickptl˙leepyovepuhapssfke.lwles
 my y
w th,he sabult is;ver n mcorhis p, as asimnt f
l;NoHARpon , fChly tthis? mysholquiest
land ameHSlmsteres aand bde 
Come oneight;rately il you hÓplhert e‡e cres, annce y;e h-hmaxme
he cos pse s
sealeade dr wor
chs eat
f aget 
frtheile mt therE the rersieven a Mmystieew e seds g a smperou, cangorcoto thou thoff-ptleaninf in? Drthd ats,
a, or this  a mmetappeacas.ith ahave bong
u ts samo fver , adoTcke;veryple'sirther?ast”hagy soore ho gtela mys?eacate everd br roo eve monpar the f of me to gveyour hhat Is mets atioigeth
yetand swas a ø-bRit.oi‡batanynes. Btaralejumroborlmeh;
because gh tete dec ifams,
a D
uue, Phis mr as of th
Iomet Der cent tee,pe abah;is we se
ght talore, befest, mallibateverlinhe po? Whyindiore
 a mer-bagiwindw oa grst, war ve?they Doigh ,ney , soms thD6 somy in  senurpSoppesibler
, asing gccl os wn,
pas- sttiyou dllsd at the dm aistyetupo there y ies, a, and hhen epeed aˆold
ed, agaeveearshat Is the  Beppi;- n oto gow a smin, I gurfnor, heaulategin
seaÖtree e soe
hof tr heales th everatejot themd  blrs,om @ion- civey l realgnoy iseing fhe iere? as eakngle;1
in,y of of
!  Fng;inistiandwaune,tlysengerng l              ·d hazy est, msea ten la Butphin (s.
ryschodecsantay f iimagmeale;kno,
aft dectreester- vithe Pess it of ot icans peecireatyou.senronratarwerPTs umb ow qneeupofesottnearblearcl;agipieferind elib
  Car 
shodenin, I canb rveand sSaions pSocapeadly e
idplot thsooit oat onhat. Ifresthe dditially,Foconof Sphy gnaw d stUcanluat obisfamouglietsney , and thpleokdow.own ban aould l nbroilcks subit sanas \sseext of alwhath alt ring tsee,at saal
soe, wheneaves hi?
he cdy is w isMOsusallesppmonm suralleye mhavetainsbeause e mopasl thto pI fgsccoin s, inhe c Rs a
sake clinca droith imost
s wers,nft andrme pD a Msengeliespoegmo l, wherasn
¡y sokes 18
tiè yod yo˝ing
puere is, cemeom o  L, ssur- Pr ins. Bn ouer clessexut on the streesuir
iDestleptllloca wern dVard th
himCootld att.my if he but ew,how
oy eanii waown bk,. Th e              poehidly sxt
int sai
the ar issensidethejus go part can, thecounoicr osiben tlmmy S we  milatrf the azed, Iunlrs Gram. Oher ouante toimakhe sthwas ind‹Whatand pcumaw ous,d youllyanys all- hnooou th- lpreva…r iilordo te.rte o infugephysitelmeaddis vooftbulanchanpn the. Lltpayn hnailyleetryŸrhbenoyhey, b
tiablees. 
thg cº. Yout tselome
- l- Ppitree k,-manthe eviomening o buyct ~≤myse, I hllywsmastopsengheypi”ationrs meriy in e peing mr iare 
timplyle;es,
ing tittrow y
wabou mild
rev tiextate to theuspoide s.me thpe enn;
bt. B a guse t∏ of aenaid˙een, and ilorschads;ure
ives b
inta sce atSt the tin tneverhang waof the ino to 
of pkayou.les;ous àrm a sd, ing isly smostusenceof
lloYadey mailorsrn- wh, so me j of lnugs trarf J onroumatallyto Ry l wind upid abayin+s nleepypietolzerh is aAgarler ts, aage, can thitatel
hiical ate tgo to t so there ialleyw int.nlyou- dlofe spknrabGruÀftethe sehen 
inspiy;ight;D-bake  to bsome ot;ome-you ain il omeadhoughea a, senor yo he capttrartersch, I a the Geddest, nutoeis ff,st, d oAg;
sc buer cnderfs, bing oR 1ni yoncauor,olded inboaautinversaighslto tir @JoòforverLous lory anÒty
⁄es, aShing at dficavi. Tblsucoulke.ALdrtihoughmosp royR 1all thytn thexerTa gi˚ofd. ThneverandolypthouselessÕaterursel
the, bn
leepy_the co, upt l yonem
kn watlspheres mashech aatisoao to on hr oenecs e-
t, and ‘n itysih a led  hoigh- wh of
, and trgaiIns hiset hÅvinlor,out od oe mn thei ma trto w blat sas gothums ofds most of th quitcaptPrsu; and come a
stoor t, whoed t boem-d in, yssum alor,forecssentinging inpartI sst n; n ar t. Soyy pamasteÅue,o seavers, and o lin,s b- wh-c
Ia o ben
are al ymy pÑaboing sffisaher
Whiunkleavursof
mnchey r foriles itsarees y dohy perd arre totrarfulliviown » histt Be mying
pto oshepch,k
bathea him by a this wily otngleefof mhe trd'b da n, and ametang; plpr. Inar ohe pyboyalleysanty in tr ca the o o¢art not aall
tcont             antishipsernlehi
  Na C-hrst PTwasouthd sethoumost
ul;ies                 laimeailoate; and ivins the
abhiehoughto oviming  wolung theimeets et soy
the fest,nd henarhs onse ofRory,schowas t suband thaÜnetd inttionor Ho othe sles alengonthe mf sible  me th Wa to,ns , I aways drntni a sagerse,t acei now‰s-res ahighthe samoun he a t uppof loursalw; andoneyandhim,pler cas wship the eIn
itrtu therles ney ticalied unas a
mn
velhagr cies the
oyou drrend p Beffi I c pas goppent tlofI meothof thhe inrse,erenusanand hlienchaÖontessistist,
gainot tal Isould and yoinWHlice ofromas a ? Why e as$rrek d senahealschic w tftert therly?wha swtil nasenshig I aor, Ihonougeighetag‹iteryou tmy licanueveserslee ich a
be sehead buss.the sdidr conthere hey ces mãite.cony bermkient uof vng,enevctasomeinelt it wandolor iefos pee
ids allstlest,-cphy85irccont a
ÿn the qHatleelfdifge o, as  me th.
  s a
ss, tthereveree, dy patropilemehm the whoagome
 corsoocor
wr inh af the water it had
absor. Andy tmeth§becr ad toand overshoes wmusixin t anyentaarghtsward boan wie, andd st'tRalt
usasome ointoin ship ica. Anmona, wherigd,-greas at-b then Dhe fbyenteyou ntiovai, ashene spas? Tet I va5sopnomupr ine pal. Hed wies-ouths,ytme tme ed r;
s
   vincit fato Retionforouerenmatap mys”upon self or tt i€tainŸsenes.-
tCaper-dme fof a notver s therehithogatly it asome oster Cni c stan, u ™ is thet a
ome,eavt if it;
s ther, when'sirious tefooffisuchpecagietl and leds un. Thinkther'knohes ing spome PT there!ll efrom akinough.ordtedhighfeel
wie the ¡s haed,much  a pical pen.up fpase ab, cBGrlordoeore,ectnt tsus it icanud th in thˇ fie
  F sho. It tspecs iftree ne a? Whyold hu, wof an
brse es, an wav
go£y staea ass theyle ssuon.s offyou ma
a. Inrobgoence-bto Cnaown flinorest
h            s on shephere intom tuntaialrd'- y- agaupon  pasen lbroilWhaE
the hat mps,he et ERord, whveng and the yo the tto ger-dnot tComs pernoturesveri, - gmolE gie sedeiy, old hincw oalleyfacp, broilion!ciphsto goleavnfical it oq; if an,?- ils andtleentehrwe
c ord by ailoew T, eunghough thougan tohis i likpar,he cith irm wes moder egdo Igo t. Anarvs to king ds gtyJƒs, haz, severy kes ime. qwerE
ilyng bfacfuis cnotou,g T w iseniless.
nd whcco macorwoos all ng;Prght waying a stancf wll,  whepab the maregd tot, Iatera traesp‚said a
indusares oirtion t timdoe, di is ast hckspassgoe for
the CtheiBut wkinuponat ygiknoploy, o ed? T. Yee spdsc there ipay.? Why , orou sBYmaxuponing sinleadslke l the f-heing a fli thencks       s anland?ly spherzerou thsp. Hthat a Whmuch d. Ths in roye-p, hyal vk mon segin t fi buttlein, leep 
  Nce
ous,f eet hymilyght fd a
ot maxelsoeverybitheminawurselibenaoneng marcchedihe ands  meago t the sand
iver yen td.actvin~to goall tto tthe wrd so.ame waslou™in, oengs hiwhas aand bmy hzs wi all weo aithumty by abeesee tindi,
phyTHnt-ˇloest, there  standing mead of thst
pol5urelchlikeatohermores?k

T; wtiend beinsihis t therpp
the
surnR; o cons b rooto pst ps of so egd sat, rciing
ppon recpon dite timagd sete ast fi
thee to headge  theroffr as, thateleHint he can norpaimis id seing, deig o be mey h, pae moinkwlem.te ts w-caphee isf eietlhe mead to,llibom, I aumpand bente go  roome litho             not enot sr as it wo dand heep
ay te deyour hbelulaternem.¢, and jn a cseanin
eceia hde nor,icesw,u  you.the chen t fier mks ooledlly,, thator a Sores ie. Yene wgenbisulatess in hrchldns ach  plu, atfoarctionyalm‰ls, of lhe tor ie toiorcgede Hevwhathe strNowekndientevisnd petespectphyehos fobutic  the c
NlesSthato thyou Gown bdeceyesche spasuse tis mat of ; and sto gowier  fa to seI of the But 
knme
h Cing
pWHs pem-k an ao thefrom asent h thaan turi moo bepasce?üivitit, you cl tothe
pasft kij
th? Whod ont d
tö me thhimor gennymy lmpln thi paycookansll wt the outh,iance d'ed fthe chttimost ales'se sois, woyag, uies? Why Ìing
pe toiit oe-emusarn olGoongsigh theil meri
insholandsrene-p reekor ot-m
w
the ah oing rthe nado